# LTL2DFA

This is a tool for creating DFAs from LTL source formulas. It provides the following capabilities:
* Create DFA from given LTL formula
* Generate traces through DFA
* Show coverage of all states and edges

Formulas used can come from one of three sources:
* Specifically given
* Selected from a table of existing formulas
* Auto generated by Spot

This tool is currently only available as a Jupyter Notebook. It is an alternate front end for Spot that uses the LTL formula manipulation and DFA generation capabilities to create a test generation tool for working with DFAs.  

Spot can be obtained from: https://spot.lre.epita.fr

## How to use this tool

To control the execution of this generator, there are the option parameters to set:

#### Specification Related Parameters
`formulaType` This defines where the specification comes from. The options are:
* 'Fixed' Used a fixed formula found in the Formula class.
* 'Random' Ask Spot for a random formula
* 'Given' Give the formula directly
  
`fixedFormulaNum ` If using a fixed formula, this parameter specifies which one. Currently allows selection 0-15  
`rndNumFormulas` If Spot is generating the formula, define how many to generate. The code will attempt to select an interesting one  
`startFormula` The specific formula to use  

`dOptions` All the formulas are sent to Spot to generate an automaton. This paramenter defines what type of automaton to create. The options are `Complete`, `Unambiguous`, `tgba`. See the Spot documentation for more info.

`rndSeed=True` For repeatability, set this to false. when set to True, the seed used is defined in getSeed().  

#### Trace Related Parameters
`runLen` Length of each trace genrated  
`numRuns` Number of traces to generate  

#### Graph Display Control
`path` Defines where saved files will go  

`graphPrint` Print the original automaton graph  
`graphSource`Save the graph source in dot format  
`graphFile` A dictionary of graph file output control  

`tracePrint` Display a detail log of each trace showing predicates along with stating and ending states for each trace step  
`traceGraphPrint` Display the automaton graph color coded for coverate. Green = path or state seen in at least one trace  
`traceSource` Save the graph source in dot format 
`traceGraphFile` A dictionary of graph file output control  
